.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# CONTRIBUTING

We're using [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.com) as a continuous integration system.

For details, see [`.travis.yml`](../.travis.yml).

## Tests

We're using [`phpunit/phpunit`](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) to drive the development.

Run

```
$ make test
```

to run all the tests.

## Coding Standards

We are using [`friendsofphp/php-cs-fixer`](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) to enforce coding standards.

Run

```
$ make cs
```

to automatically fix coding standard violations.

## Static Code Analysis

We are using [`phpstan/phpstan`](https://github.com/phpstan/phpstan) to statically analyze the code.

Run

```
$ make stan
```

to run a static code analysis.

## Mutation Testing

We are using [`infection/infection`](https://github.com/infection/infection) to ensure a minimum quality of the tests.

Enable `xdebug` and run

```
$ make infection
```

to run mutation tests.

## Extra lazy?

Run

```
$ make
```

to enforce coding standards, perform a static code analysis, and run tests!

Commit message:

Enhancement: Synchronize project tooling configuration with localheinz/php-library-template

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# CONTRIBUTING

We are using [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) as a continuous integration system.

For details, see [`workflows/continuous-integration.yml`](workflows/continuous-integration.yml).

## Coding Standards

We are using [`friendsofphp/php-cs-fixer`](https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) to enforce coding standards.

Run

```
$ make cs
```

to automatically fix coding standard violations.

## Static Code Analysis

We are using [`phpstan/phpstan`](https://github.com/phpstan/phpstan) to statically analyze the code.

Run

```
$ make stan
```

to run a static code analysis.

## Tests

We are using [`phpunit/phpunit`](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) to drive the development.

Run

```
$ make test
```

to run all the tests.

## Mutation Tests

We are using [`infection/infection`](https://github.com/infection/infection) to ensure a minimum quality of the tests.

Enable `Xdebug` and run

```
$ make infection
```

to run mutation tests.

## Extra lazy?

Run

```
$ make
```

to enforce coding standards, perform a static code analysis, and run tests!

## Help

:bulb: Run

```
$ make help
```

to display a list of available targets with corresponding descriptions.
